Hello again.
And what we are looking at is the store method.
The store.
Action from the post controller which should look like this from The Last Lecture.
So we are reading the input that is being sent through the forum using the request input methods and
reading that into the title and content variables and outputting this.
So this is not how we like our store method to look like we want to save something to the database so
we can do that by actually creating a new blog post model using the new keyword and then instead of
assigning it to variables we would like to assign to the blog post title and content properties.
So now we have our new blog post model but it's not inside the database before you actually call save.
So only then this would be stored but now we are left with this deal that we are dumping the data.
And this is not really user friendly.
In such cases we usually would like to do a redirect to some other page like to the least of the blog
posts or maybe to this new particular blog post.
Depends on your application.
So what we have to do is to return redirect response.
Hopefully we can do that very easy with Laura travel by using the helper function redirect.
And here you will have to specify the URL you'd like to redirect to.
So this would be the least of all the posts that index action.
And alternatively you can redirect to a specific route so you can do that by changing the method call
to the next method which would be the route and the route.
Name is Post's index in case you would like to redirect to a route that accepts some parameters that's
open the terminal and see what are our routes.
We have a route for displaying a single post and he accepts up post parameter.
So now let's try redirecting to this new brand this brand new post and how we specify parameters is
inside the second argument as an array and the parameter name and the parameter value.
So the post would be the blog post I.D. mind that you cannot use that I.D. attribute of the blog post
model before you save it because it's only it only gets assigned when the the model is actually stored.
The record is added to the database.
And the idea is being out generated by the database.
So let's save the changes and see how that works.
So let's type some random content doesn't really matter.
And now click Create.
So we immediately see that we are being redirected to the blog post 7 and this is our blog post and
also we can see it on the least.